Runs: Rewrite Runs section (#2011)
wandb/docs: models/runs/run-identifiers.mdx

---

> title: Run IDs and names

Reviewer: How about "Find and customize a run's ID or name" or something more task oriented?

description: Learn how to find a run's unique identifier and run name, how to create a custom run ID, and how to customize a run's name.
---

> When you initialize a W&B Run, W&B assigns that run a [unique identifier known as a *run ID*](/models/runs/run-identifiers#run-id). Each run also has a human-readable [non-unique *run name*](/models/runs/run-identifiers#run-name) that you can customize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you initialize a W&B Run, W&B gives it a [unique identifier known as a *run ID*](/models/runs/run-identifiers#run-id). Each run also has a human-readable [non-unique *run name*](/models/runs/run-identifiers#run-name) that you can customize.
```

## Run ID

> Run IDs uniquely identify runs. By default, W&B generates a [random and unique run ID](#autogenerated-run-ids) for you when you initialize a new run. You can also [specify your own unique run ID](#create-a-custom-run-id) when you [initialize a run](/models/runs/initialize-run). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A run's ID uniquely identifies the run. By default, W&B generates a [random and unique run ID](#autogenerated-run-ids) automatically when you initialize a new run, unless you [specify your own unique run ID](#create-a-custom-run-id) when you [initialize the run](/models/runs/initialize-run). 
```

> ### Find a run's unique ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Find a run's ID
```

> W&B returns the unique run ID in the terminal when you initialize a run. For example, consider the following code snippet that initializes a W&B run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you initialize a run, W&B returns the unique run ID in the terminal. For example, consider the following code snippet that initializes a W&B run:
```

```python
import wandb
entity = "nico"  # Replace with your W&B entity
project = "awesome-project" 
with wandb.init(entity=entity, project=project) as run:
    # Your code here
```

Within the terminal, W&B returns:

```bash
wandb: Syncing run earnest-sunset-1
wandb: ⭐️ View project at https://wandb.ai/nico/awesome-project
wandb: 🚀 View run at https://wandb.ai/nico/awesome-project/runs/1jx1ud12
```

The last part of the run URL (`1jx1ud12`) is the unique run ID.

> You can also find a run's unique ID in the W&B App:

Reviewer: This makes me wonder if it is worth using a tabset for this, maybe "Python SDK" or "W&B App" or something?

1. Navigate to the [W&B App](https://wandb.ai/home).
2. Navigate to the W&B project you specified when you initialized the run.
3. Within your project's workspace, select either the  **Workspace** or **Runs** tab.
4. Select the run you want to view.
5. Choose the **Overview** tab.

W&B displays the run ID in the **Run path** field. The run path consists of the name of your team, the name of the project, and the run ID. The unique ID is the last part of the run path.

For example, in the following image, the unique run ID is `9mxi1arc`:

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/runs/unique-run-id.png" alt="Run ID location"  />
</Frame>

<Tip>

> Use a run's unique ID to directly navigate to that run's overview page in the W&B App. The following cell shows the URL path for a specific run:

Reviewer: Cell?

```text title="W&B App URL for a specific run"
https://wandb.ai/<entity>/<project>/<run-id>
```

> Where values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) are placeholders for the actual values of the entity, project, and run ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) with the actual values of the entity, project, and run ID.
```

</Tip>

### Autogenerated run IDs

W&B generates a random run ID for you if you do not specify a run ID when you initialize a run.

> 

Reviewer: Is this stray? It's already mentioned above and there are no specific instructions in here.

### Create a custom run ID

Pass your desired run ID as a string to the `id` paramater when you initialize a run:

```python 
import wandb

with wandb.init(entity="<project>", project="<project>", id="<run-id>") as run:
    # Your code here
```

## Run name

Each run has a human-readable, non-unique run name. By default, W&B generates a random run name when you initialize a new run if you do not specify a run name for it. The name of a run appears within your project's workspace and at the top of the [run's **Overview** page](#overview-tab).

> Continuing from the previous example, the name of the run is `glwoing-shadows-8`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing from the previous example, the name of the run is `glowing-shadows-8`.
```

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/runs/unique-run-id.png" alt="Run ID location"  />
</Frame>

> You can name your run when [you initialize it](/models/runs/run-identifiers#create-a-custom-run-name) or [rename](/models/runs/run-identifiers#rename-a-run) it after initializing it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can name your run when [you initialize it](/models/runs/run-identifiers#create-a-custom-run-name) or [rename](/models/runs/run-identifiers#rename-a-run) it afterward.
```

### Create a custom run name

Specify a name for your run by passing the `name` parameter to the [`wandb.init()`](/models/ref/python/functions/init) method. 

```python 
import wandb

with wandb.init(entity="<project>", project="<project>", name="<run-name>") as run:
    # Your code here
```

### Rename a run

> Rename a run after initializing it programmatically with Python SDK or interactively with the W&B App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename a run after initializing it programmatically with the Python SDK or interactively in the W&B App.
```

<Tabs>
<Tab title="Python SDK">

> Use [`wandb.Api.Run`](/models/ref/python/public-api/api#method-api-run) to access a run logged to W&B. This returns a [run object](/models/ref/python/public-api/run#property-run-name) that you can use to update the run name. Call `wandb.Api.Run.update()` method to persist changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`wandb.Api.Run`](/models/ref/python/public-api/api#method-api-run) to access a run logged to W&B. This method returns a [run object](/models/ref/python/public-api/run#property-run-name) that you can use to update the run name. Call `wandb.Api.Run.update()` method to persist changes.
```

> Ensure to replace the values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) with your own values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the values enclosed in angle brackets (`< >`) with your own values.
```

```python
import wandb

api = wandb.Api()

# Access run by its path
run = api.run(path = "<entity>/<project>/<run-id>")

# Specify a new run name
run.name = "<new-run-name>"
run.update()
```

</Tab>
<Tab title="W&B App">

1. Navigate to your W&B project.
1. Select the **Workspace** or **Runs** tab.
1. Search or scroll to the run you want to rename.
1. Hover over the run name, click the three vertical dots, then click **Rename run**.
1. To change the run name, update the **Run name** field.
1. Click **Save**.
</Tab>
</Tabs>

## Run display name

Each run also has a *run display name* that you can customize for each workspace. The display name defaults to the same value as the run name. The display name appears in the run's workspace and runs table. 

<Note>

> If you change a run's display name in one workspace, it does not change the run's display name in other workspaces or projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change a run's display name in one workspace, the display name changes only for that workspace, not in other workspaces or projects.
```

</Note>

> Use the run display name to override the run name displayed in that workspace without renaming the run in the project.

Reviewer: I'd move this up to the end of the previous paragraph before the note. Then the note makes more sense.

> ### Rename a display name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Rename a run's display name
```

## Run display name

Each run also has a *run display name* that you can customize for each workspace. 

<Note>
If you change a run's display name in one workspace, the display name changes only for that workspace, not in other workspaces or projects.
</Note>

The display name defaults to the same value as the run name. The display name appears in the run's workspace and runs table. 

Use the run display name to override the run name displayed in that workspace without renaming the run in the project.

> ### Rename a run's display name

Reviewer: "Rename a .... name" seems funny. How about "Change a run's display name"?
